    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is HTML that has been written to reflect meaning in the code instead of just for visual purposes. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to create and mark up web pages. Its the basic blueprint of a website. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is what you attach to a element to give it function
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	An h1 tag denotes the most important chunk of text on a webpage. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The head of an HTML document contains the meta data and links to related files needed for the webpage to function. 
    7. What is an id? 
	An id is an attribute you assign to something to give it a unique name so you can flag it for changes. You only use it on one attribute.  
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	All of them.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once
    10. What is a class? 
	A class functions like an id except you can assign it to multiple attributes. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	All of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	You can add target="_blank" to your anchor tag and it will open the link in a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	Its used to supply text in the same spot as the image in case the user us unable to see it. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	You put a #infront of the id you are referencing. 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section is supposed to group things together that are alike. A div conveys no meaning and is simply a container. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to add flare and style to your HTML. Its the paint and framing for your blueprint. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In CSS you would simply type h2 {} and that would select all of them.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	An id is used to give a unique name to a single attribute. A class is used to give the same name to multiple attributes. Lets say you have ten paragraphs on one webpage. They all have the <p> tag. You want half of them red and one of them blue. You could assign all of the ones you want red a .red claas and the one you want blue a #blue id. This will make changing them in CSS a snap
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With a . (.class)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
 